---
uid: gaea_1_2_1_4
title: Gaea 1.2.1.4
---


**Released on 16 January 2021**

<a href="http://viridian.quadspinner.com/gaeab/Gaea-1.2.1.4b.exe">Download 64.21MB</a> <br>


<div class="release-note">

#### What's new in Gaea 1.2.1.4?

This key update addresses several user-reported issues for saving files in various formats, and restores the Split-to-tiles functionality which will enable better export to Unity and Unreal engines.

For the major updates in 1.2 itself, see [the Gaea 1.2.1 blog post](https://blog.quadspinner.com/gaea-1-2-1/).

# Complete Changelog

#### Fixed

- Output saving code overhauled for TIF, EXR, RAW, R32, PNG.
- Tiled Builds (Split to Tiles) restored and overhauled.
- Added support for small tiles (127px, etc).
- Fixed issues with loading and saving Workspace customizations.
- Draw and Island editor drawing experience made smoother.
- Fixed issues with resampling output for game engines.
- Fixed viewport breaking when 2D mode and Autolevel were used together.
- Fixed workspace defaults being saved aggressively. Now you the defaults are modified only when you explicity save them in the main menu.
- Light node will now override Pinned Underlay.
- Fixed an issue where opening a file without any nodes would freeze progress.
- Fixed a few issues in the Community Edition with watermarking so output is cleaner.
- Fixed an issue where heavier nodes would process twice upon creation.
- Fixed data maps being treated incorrectly in 2D visualization.
- Combine will now honor 2D inputs better, and not force 3D visualization.
- Fixed several internal issues for a smoother experience.
</div>
