---
uid: gaea_1_3_0_7
title: Gaea 1.3.0.7
---


**Released on 11 December 2021**

<a href="https://get.gaea.app/EAP/Gaea-1.3.0.7b.exe">Download 47.04MB</a> <br>


<div class="release-note">

#### What's new in Gaea 1.3 Bleeding Edge?

This our largest update to date. This will also become our Long Term Support (LTS) release when released under the Production Ready channel.

For the major updates in 1.3 itself, see [the Gaea 1.3 Bleeding Edge blog post](https://blog.quadspinner.com/gaea-1-3-bleeding-edge/). Please read the Breaking Changes section in the blog post before trying this build with any existing projects. Some features mentioned in the changelog below may not be available in the initial Bleeding Edge build. See the blog post for details.

# Complete Changelog

#### CHANGES in 1.3.0.7

- NEW: Embed mode in Combine
- NEW: Insert mode is now moved to Combine. The Insert node will be removed in the final release.
- NEW: Search can now use node presets.
- NEW: Build Swarm's console interface has been revamped to make it more legible.
- EXPERIMENTAL: We have made some optimizations and re-enabled 16k builds for testing.
- Updated: Added an option to disable reusing previews when switching to a lower resolution.
- Updated: SatMap style Bias slider added to QuickColor and CLUTer.
- Fixed: SatMaps and other color nodes would break at 16k.
- Fixed: Workspace could break with Floating viewport.
- Fixed: Gaea crashes when using Chokepoint and Altitude Picker
- Fixed: Unbake operations optimized.
- Fixed: Incorrect mesh height for classic tris and quad meshes.
- Fixed: Status bar would show incorrect label for node progress.
- Fixed: Minor bugs related to opening or creating a file after working on another file.
- Fixed: CLUTer editor would freeze while working and require manual refresh.
- Fixed: SatMap randomization was not random.
- Fixed: Baked Loads would not use when using Force Low Resolution open mode.
- Fixed: Render related crashes that could freeze the viewport in some cases.
- Fixed: Incorrect preview mesh quality when loading files.

#### KNOWN ISSUES in 1.3.0.7

- TIFF and EXR will not export color. Use PNG or TIF16 instead.
- Synth node is broken. Expect it to be fixed in 1.3.0.8.
- Mouse R for Orbit/Rotate is ignored.


</div>
