---
uid: gaea_1_3_0_8
title: Gaea 1.3.0.8
---


**Released on 28 December 2021**

<a href="https://get.gaea.app/EAP/Gaea-1.3.0.8b.exe">Download 47.07MB</a> <br>


<div class="release-note">

#### What's new in Gaea 1.3 Bleeding Edge?

This our largest update to date. This will also become our Long Term Support (LTS) release when released under the Production Ready channel.

For the major updates in 1.3 itself, see [the Gaea 1.3 Bleeding Edge blog post](https://blog.quadspinner.com/gaea-1-3-bleeding-edge/). Please read the Breaking Changes section in the blog post before trying this build with any existing projects. Some features mentioned in the changelog below may not be available in the initial Bleeding Edge build. See the blog post for details.

Tiled Builds are in an early preview and will undergo some changes between now and final release (which is estimated to be late January 2022). See the [Tiled Builds](https://docs.quadspinner.com/Guide/Build/Tiled.html) page in the documentation on usage details, and current limitations. More details will be published on the blog in early January 2022.

# Complete Changelog

#### CHANGES in 1.3.0.8

- NEW: Tiled Builds Preview (see notes above).
- NEW: 1:1 Preview for Individual Tiles.
- NEW: River node.
- NEW: HydroFix node.
- NEW: Jitter mode in Blur node.
- FIX: Seamless continuity bug fixed. Edges will look much better now.
- FIX: Undo could crash if no nodes were selected.
- FIX: Recurve did not honor rotation.
- FIX: Secondary Blur operations were broken.
- FIX: ZeroBorders did not work as expected.
- FIX: Allow disabling mirroring in Fold during rotation.
- FIX: Minor baking issues fixed.
- FIX: Unexpected repeating "ding" sound during builds has been fixed.

#### KNOWN ISSUES in 1.3.0.8

- Synth node is broken. Expect it to be fixed in 1.3.0.8.
- Mouse R for Orbit/Rotate is ignored.
- Output and Mesher nodes will not work with Tiled Builds.
  
</div>
