---
uid: gaea_1_3_0_6
title: Gaea 1.3.0.6
---


**Released on 30 November 2021**

<a href="http://viridian.quadspinner.com/gaeab/Gaea-1.3.0.6b.exe">Download 47.13MB</a> <br>


<div class="release-note">

#### What's new in Gaea 1.3 Bleeding Edge?

This our largest update to date. This will also become our Long Term Support (LTS) release when released under the Production Ready channel.

For the major updates in 1.3 itself, see [the Gaea 1.3 Bleeding Edge blog post](https://blog.quadspinner.com/gaea-1-3-bleeding-edge/). Please read the Breaking Changes section in the blog post before trying this build with any existing projects. Some features mentioned in the changelog below may not be available in the initial Bleeding Edge build. See the blog post for details.

# Complete Changelog

#### CHANGES in 1.3.0.6
- New: Repeat node.
- Fixed: Breaker node would not return accurate results.
- Fixed: Displace node's Vertical mode would not return any results.
- Fixed: Gaea could crash when saving a file.
- Fixed: Gaea could corrupt a file in some rare situations.
- Fixed: Logarithmic scaling and/or gamma curve was unnecessarily applied to some nodes.
- Fixed: Replaced experimental code (for future features) that was causing instabilities.
- Fixed: Baked nodes would be reloaded incorrectly.
- Fixed: Several minor bugs and user reported issues.
- Fixed: Improved UX for renaming nodes' export filename.

#### KNOWN ISSUES in 1.3.0.6

- TIFF and EXR will not export color. Use PNG or TIF16 instead.
- Synth node is broken. Expect it to be fixed in 1.3.0.7.


</div>
