---
uid: gaea_1_3_0_9
title: Gaea 1.3.0.9
---


**Released on 05 February 2022**

<a href="https://get.gaea.app/EAP/Gaea-1.3.0.9b.exe">Download 47.05MB</a> <br>


<div class="release-note">

#### What's new in Gaea 1.3 Bleeding Edge?

This our largest update to date. This will also become our Long Term Support (LTS) release when released under the Production Ready channel.

For the major updates in 1.3 itself, see [the Gaea 1.3 Bleeding Edge blog post](https://blog.quadspinner.com/gaea-1-3-bleeding-edge/). Please read the Breaking Changes section in the blog post before trying this build with any existing projects. Some features mentioned in the changelog below may not be available in the initial Bleeding Edge build. See the blog post for details.

Tiled Builds are in an early preview and will undergo some changes between. See the [Tiled Builds](https://docs.quadspinner.com/Guide/Build/Tiled.html) page in the documentation on usage details, and current limitations. More details will be published on the blog.

# Complete Changelog

#### CHANGES in 1.3.0.9

- NEW: 100+ new Quickstarts!
- NEW: New Quickstart categories.
- NEW: ThermalShaper node.
- NEW: ShinyWaves node.
- NEW: Recent Files stores up to 5000 files now.
- NEW: Search recent files or quickstarts in the Start screen.
- IMPROVED: Rivers algorithm produces even better results.
- IMPROVED: Tile Blending improved.
- WIP: Silent and Automation modes are back in Build Swarm.
- WIP: Houdini bridge functionality is back. Further fixes are coming.
- FIX: Build Swarm did not produce XML file.
- FIX: TIFF 32-bit output was incorrect.
- FIX: Option in File node for handling Gaea and non-Gaea EXR files.
- FIX: Splat would not save alpha in RGBA output.
- FIX: Save dialog did not allow cancellation on New and Open.
- FIX: Mesher would crash for 8K builds.
- FIX: Few different crashes for 8K or higher builds.
- FIX: Minor improvements for 16K builds (still experimental!).
- FIX: Import was broken.
- FIX: Synth was broken.
- FIX: Incorrect license enforcement for 4K resolution in Indie.
- FIX: Sea surface artifacts at low values.
- FIX: Aperture parallel processing was broken.
- FIX: Tiled Build crash if non-lynchpin node was marked for save.
- FIX: Duplicate selection was incorrect.
- FIX: Combine's Extend property did not default to 0.
- FIX: Old files with the retired Coast node would failt to load.
- FIX: Connecting a Primitive preset would not work correctly.
- Several fixes for Tiled Builds. Further improvements forthcoming.
- Several bugfixes for better performance.

#### KNOWN ISSUES in 1.3.0.9

- Mouse R for Orbit/Rotate is ignored.
- Output and Mesher nodes will not work with Tiled Builds.

</div>
