---
 title: Release notes for version 1.0.4.2480
---

Published on 2018 April 18

[Download 1.0.4.2480]()

***

<ul class="changelog">
<li class="new"><span>New</span>  Powerful new Erosion node.</li>
<li class="new"><span>New</span>  New icons for all nodes.</li>
<li class="new"><span>New</span>  Soil Map node.</li>
<li class="new"><span>New</span>  Convector node.</li>
<li class="new"><span>New</span>  Nodes renamed. See full list below.</li>
<li class="new"><span>New</span>  Search nodes. Press Ctrl + Tab in the graph to activate.</li>
<li class="new"><span>New</span>  Heavy nodes are updated on demand only. See the blog for details.</li>
<li class="new"><span>New</span>  Connection menu for easily connecting nodes.</li>
<li class="improved"><span>Improved</span>  Map Viewer now shows overlay, performs autolevels, and can choose between 2D/3D.</li>
<li class="improved"><span>Improved</span>  Sediment has a new experimental Drift mode to create extreme sediment buildup.</li>
<li class="improved"><span>Improved</span>  Apex updated to include both Apex (Distance) and Pyramids (Slant) modes.</li>
<li class="improved"><span>Improved</span>  Pyramids is now retired.</li>
<li class="improved"><span>Improved</span>  Breaker secondary output for texturing.</li>
<li class="improved"><span>Improved</span>  Flow Map has new functionality, and extended calculation capacity.</li>
<li class="improved"><span>Improved</span>  Option to keep detached viewport on top of other windows.</li>
<li class="improved"><span>Improved</span>  Displace now has a custom input port.</li>
<li class="improved"><span>Improved</span>  Tabs now use icons instead of text.</li>
<li class="improved"><span>Improved</span>  Detached viewport can be set to show Always on top through Preferences.</li>
<li class="fixed"><span>Fixed</span>  Gaea will not crash upon exit.</li>
<li class="fixed"><span>Fixed</span>  Threshold was broken.</li>
<li class="fixed"><span>Fixed</span>  Memory leaks fixed in Threshold, Contrast, Invert, Denoise, Gamma, and Sharpen.</li>
<li class="fixed"><span>Fixed</span>  Autolevel strength was not working.</li>
<li class="fixed"><span>Fixed</span>  Add Node now parents to the selected node, and not the last node.</li>
<li class="fixed"><span>Fixed</span>  Blur showed Sigma slider unnecessarily for the Fast option.</li>
<li class="fixed"><span>Fixed</span>  Sine results are now consistent across different resolutions.</li>
<li class="fixed"><span>Fixed</span>  Mountain edge blending enhanced.</li>
<li class="fixed"><span>Fixed</span>  Connecting nodes from right to left forced unnecessary refresh of the left node.</li>
<li class="fixed"><span>Fixed</span>  Sediment mask output enhanced.</li>
<li class="fixed"><span>Fixed</span>  Viewport now clears if a node is unselected or deleted.</li>
<li class="fixed"><span>Fixed</span>  High viewport quality shows shadows. See blog post for details.</li>
<li class="issue"><span>Issue</span>  The new Erosion node can take a long time to calculate at resolutions above 512 x 512.</li>
<li class="issue"><span>Issue</span>  The new Erosion node does not report progress yet, so it will seem stuck but is not.</li>
</ul>
