---
uid: gaea_1_2_1_2
title: Gaea 1.2.1.2
---


**Released on 26 November 2020**

<a href="http://viridian.quadspinner.com/gaea/Gaea-1.2.1.2.exe">Download Full Installer 64.23MB</a> <br>


<div class="release-note">

#### What's new in Gaea 1.2.1.2?

While most of the focus has been on bug fixes and more stability, we've added a few new features like collapsible nodes, the new Fx node, and a pixel-based ZeroBorders mode for complete precision.

Additionally, the way you work with portals and connect nodes has a whole new aspect with the new Connect and navigate menus. See [the Gaea 1.2.1 blog post](https://blog.quadspinner.com/gaea-1-2-1/).

# Complete Changelog

#### Node Updates

- New Fx node.
- FractalTerrace now has an Advanced mode.
- Collapse nodes (`F11` key).
- Abs node is 120% faster.
- ZeroBorders can now use pixel count with the Precise mode.
- Constant node can now mimic the Noise node.
- Lake node's maximum precipitation increased to 300.

#### Improved

- Node connect (`c`), disconnect (`x`) menus enhanced.
- Node quick navigation menu (`,` key).
- When converting a portal via the Connect menu, pressing `Ctrl` to interject a Chokepoint.
- Replace any node from the context-menu.
- Combine will switch to the display format of incoming nodes.
- Baking allows selecting bake engine (experimental).
- Autolayout can be applied to selected nodes.
- Ability to import just seeds if matching nodes are found.
- Graph tab shows icons if any nodes inside are pinned.
- MultiMix now uses Combine instead of Mixer for color nodes.
- Cartography contour minimum lowered.
- The cursor is highlighted when creating connections.
- Node disconnect menu now shows node names along with ports.
- Improved color selection for graph tabs.
- Portal menu is sorted by graph order.
- Autosave checkbox added to options dialog.
- Warning is shown if underlay is downstream of the current node which can cause a long update delay.
- Made Underlay warning appear only once (yes, we made it too annoying, sorry!)

#### Fixed

- Crash on expanding toolbox expander.
- Incorrect graph name showed in progress.
- Node interjection could connect to the wrong port or cause a crash.
- Connection context menu would show excess connections.
- Mesher would not create output to custom location.
- Pin did not work on nodes that were both pinned and underlay.
- Refresh all button did not work as the tooltip indicated.
- Memory usage shown could be incorrect in some scenarios.
- Preset system was broken and could create corrupt files.
- The correct graph tab is now selected when opening a file.
- HSL 180 degree range fixed.
- X, Y position radial gradient has been fixed.
- Fixed Dunes and Sand output to prevent aliasing artifacts.
- Deleting a node would not necessarily remove connections.
- Right-click drag would create selection rectangle.
- Mesher was processing twice.
- Node names are sanitized when marking for export (remove non-filename characters).
- Several dozen additional bug fixes.
</div>
